StorefrontContent: mention page/block scope (#678)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/magic-button/x-ray.mdx

}
```

> By default, the X-Ray view will be scoped to the **block**.

Reviewer: maybe: 

```suggestion
By default, the X-Ray view will be scoped as a **block**.
```

Author: I amended the commit with this suggestion.
